- Contacts in a database can be associated with other contacts which we call co-branding. Just for background, contacts that receive correspondence from our users will display that recipient contact's cobranded contact info in the email or letter signature.

- Loans in the database are associated with a customer which is a contact and an agent which is also a contact.

 

- Model a Contact with first name, last name, a contact type, and a reference to another Contact to be cobranded with.

- Contacts are not required to have a cobrand.

- Valid contact types are 'Client', 'Prospect', and 'Referral Partner'.

- Create the accompanying controller and form views to do basic CRUD for contact data. Scaffolding views is fine, modify forms where necessary.

- Include a form field for selecting a Cobrand Contact. Only contacts with the contact type of Referral Partner can be a valid choice for selecting a contact for cobranding.

- Contacts should have a named scope or ActiveRecord query to return (whichever is best practice) for 'Lonely Agents' to return referral partner contacts that are not cobranded with any other contact.

 

- Model a Loan with amount, address, customer, and an agent. Agents are just Contacts of Referral Partner type. Customers are any contact.

- Create basic CRUD for Loans. Again, scaffolding the views is fine if it's helpful.

- When updating or creating a loan and the customer's (contact) cobranded contact is not the same as the agent specified for the loan, update the customer contact's cobrand to be agent contact for the loan
